Remember, my name is Lin Lan
Your name is Ye Xun
We were married for three years
Gave birth to three babies
Ah, three babies in three years
How can you live?
So what's up?
Are you feeling good?
Good feelings
So you forgive me?
You think beautifully
I told you, I don't like you anymore
Fake couple, that's for the convenience of investigation
Don't think about it.
Hey
When people liked you, you rejected them
Why are you tempted now?
Investigate the case
Big sister
Why is the incense of this Wind and Rain Temple so prosperous?
Something happened the morning before yesterday.
Many children have been told to leave
That's why I came to worship
Ask the Wind and Wind Dragon King to protect the child from accident.
Oh, by the way, do you have children?
Three children in three years
Oh, I can't see that the little girl can give birth so much.
High-yielding four sows
Who is the best?
How do you say it?
Have you ever seen such a beautiful sow?
Ah, let's talk about it again.
I'm a boar
Okay, okay, let's run
Otherwise, your children will also be taken away.
Child, how much is this box?
100 bucks an ocean
Why don't you rob the Wind and Rain Temple?
Who dares to talk nonsense in the big wave madman storm temple?
If you can't afford incense, don't learn to burn incense
What is so ungodly?
Beware of the child being taken away by the Dragon King
Then I won't buy it yet.
Detox God
Beware of doom
Why are you still covering me?
Hey, okay, okay, let's buy, let's buy, okay?
search patrol
Trust me.
The child's uncle is from the patrol house
The 100 yuan is placed in front of you
The Dragon King will bless you
Uncle is from the patrol house
Specializing in catching bad guys
Uncle run